ENGLISH

Dear Students,

We cordially invite you to the PJAIT Career Fair - spring edition 2023.

When: April 20, 2023 9:30 - 16:30
Where: Campus, hall of building A

During the Fair you will have the opportunity to:
- talk to many representatives of employers,
- quickly consult your CV or arrange an individual meeting with a career advisor,
- take part in the gamification with prizes (quizzes will be at 12:00, 14:00 and 16:00)
- most of all, find an internship or job!

We encourage you to visit the Career Fair website, where you can declare your participation and thus stay up to date with all the information https://targipracy.pja.edu.pl/

In addition, we invite you to activities accompanying the Career Fair. The Workshop Day with Employers will take place on April 21.

Dear Students,
due to numerous questions and problems, I would very much like to ask you to pay attention to a few things:
-it is very important that when sending inquiries you pay attention to the address: it should be stypendia@pja.edu.pl only, not scholarships2022_2023;
-when it comes to the Rector's scholarship, those who apply for the scholarship only on the basis of the average obtained at PJATK do not need to attach any additional documents - such documents should be attached by those of you who apply for the scholarship on the basis of the average from another university or on the basis of scientific, artistic or sports achievements;
-there is currently an error in the system - most of you cannot download the generated application. The error has been reported and we are waiting for it to be resolved; in the meantime, those of you who see the error and cannot download the application are asked to be patient - please check if you can download the application, tonight or tomorrow.

Students,


We have news for you!


As you've probably already noticed, our Campus has a new space, and it's all linked to the great event that is the Employer's Week!


This time we will be hosting Orange, which has prepared a lot of activities for you and is ready to answer all your questions!


Don't miss this opportunity and visit the Orange stand (Building A, Main Hall)!


The following will be waiting for you:


small gifts :)
HR Business Partners who will be happy to talk about internship and job offers in Orange
R&D experts from the Artificial Intelligence Competence Centre, who will be running a short workshop entitled "Enter the future: how to use your skills to build your career by working with R&D while you are already at university."
In the 30-minute workshop, you will learn how you can participate in creating the services of the future at Orange Innovation. Experts will talk about designing customer experiences in the shops of the future and research on AI, VR, AR, aR. You will find out what skills will be helpful soon, how to gain valuable experience already at university and what challenges companies face in the future.

On Wednesday, 15.03, there will be an opening of the Orange Zone (building A, by the skywalk), and with it:



small gifts
HR Business Partners, who will be happy to talk about internship and job offers in Orange
DevOps expert, Manager from the Security Operations Centre Department
a meeting with the CEO of Orange Polska - Julien Ducarroz
a sweet treat (after 12.30 p.m.)
delicious coffee from the barista
VR - a chance to see how Orange is helping customers with their home installations through the available technology
Thursday 16.03



quizzes with prizes
small gifts
HR Business Partners who will be happy to talk about internships and job opportunities with Orange
Artificial Intelligence Development Expert and Head of Automated and Digital Channel Efficiency Department
VR - an opportunity to see how Orange is helping customers with home installations through the available technology
Friday 17.03



quizzes with prizes
small gifts
HR Business Partners who will be happy to talk about apprenticeship and job opportunities with Orange
Omnichannel Analytics Management Manager